Okay so here I have the R markdown
document that's associated with the Plotly
lecture.
I'm going to do library(plotly) of
course after I've installed it, and
then the command is really simple,
plot_ly(mtcars,
x =,
mtcars is a dataset which is a dataframe.
It's stored as a dataframe.
The x is weight, the y is miles
per gallon, mode is markers.
So, that's just going to create
a scatter plot, so you could copy that
exact code for any data frame, and
it would give you a scatter plot.
Okay, and you can see your scatter plot in
the RStudio viewer pane, it's interactive.
Right, as you hover over points,
they're showing their x and y values but
there's all this controls up here which
include things like downloading as a PNG,
re-scaling, resetting the axes, changing
what the hover over action does and so on.
The Publish button works as well,
you can you can publish this to RPubs
just by clicking on this button,
which will create a web graphic for you.
But we'll show you some other ways
to publish it here in a little bit.
Well, one other easy way to publish it,
right here, is when you click on Export.
You can save it as an image,
copy it to Clipboard, but
let's just Save as Web Page to show you
maybe the easiest thing to do, okay?
Then you just need to pick a name,
so let me just call it test.
I already named something test,
so there it goes.
And then it brings up a Web page with
it on, and there's a file test.html
on your computer that you could reference.
And you could go in and
actually look at the code.
If you know some JavaScript
you'll understand it totally.
If you don't you should just be able
to clip out the parts that you
need if you wanted to embed it.
So it's super easy to use Plotly.
So your first assignment is to
create a simple scatter plot.
Try it with a different dataset.
Create a webpage.
Create a graphic like a PNG and a PDF.
Maybe publish it to RPubs.
And so try that out and
then we'll move to some other examples.